now the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron
this is the ordinance of the law which
the Lord has commanded saying speak to
the children of Israel that they bring
you a red heifer without blemish in
which there is no defect and on which a
yoke has never come you shall give it to
Eleazar the priest that he may take it
outside the camp and it shall be
slaughtered before him and Eleazar the
priest shall take some of its blood with
his finger and sprinkle some of its
blood
seven times directly in front of the
tabernacle of meeting then the heifer
shall be burned in his sight its hide
its flesh its blood and its awfull shall
be burned and the priest shall take
cedar wood and hyssop and scarlet and
cast them into the midst of the fire
burning the heifer then the priest shall
wash his clothes he shall bathe in water
and afterward he shall come into the
camp the priest shall be unclean until
evening and the one who burns it shall
wash his clothes in water bathe in water
and shall be unclean until evening then
a man who is clean
shall gather up the ashes of the heifer
and store them outside the camp in a
clean place and they shall be kept for
the congregation of the children of
Israel for the water of purification it
is for purifying
from sin and the one who gathers the
ashes of the heifer shall wash his
clothes and be unclean until evening it
shall be a statute forever to the
children of Israel and to the stranger
who dwells among them he who touches the
dead body of anyone shall be unclean
seven days he shall purify himself with
the water on the third day and on the
seventh day then he will be clean
but if he does not purify himself on the
third day and on the seventh day he will
not be clean whoever touches the body of
anyone who has died and does not purify
himself defiles the tabernacle of the
Lord that person shall be cut off from
Israel he shall be unclean because the
water of purification was not sprinkled
on him his uncleanness is still on him
this is the law when a man dies in a
tent all who come into the tent and all
who are in the tent shall be unclean
seven days and every open vessel which
has no cover fastened on it is unclean
whoever in the open field touches one
who is slain by a sword or who has died
or a bone of a man or a grave shall be
unclean seven days and for an unclean
person they shall take some of the ashes
of the heifer burnt for purification
from sin and running water shall be put
on them in a vessel a clean person shall
take hyssop and dip it in the Whorton
sprinkle it on the tent on all the
vessels on all the persons who were
there or on the one who touched a bone
the slain the dead or a grave the clean
person shall sprinkle the unclean on the
third day and on the seventh day and on
the seventh day he shall purify himself
wash his clothes and bathe in water and
at evening he shall be clean but the man
who is unclean and does not purify
himself that person shall be cut off
from among the Assembly because he has
defiled the sanctuary of the Lord the
water of purification has not been
sprinkled on him he is unclean it shall
be a perpetual statute for the
hee-hoo sprinkles the water of
purification shall wash his clothes and
he who touches the water of purification
shall be unclean until evening whatever
the unclean person touches shall be
unclean and the person who touches it
shall be unclean until evening